Welcome to Workbook 2.1 using the Spanish laser.
The first thing you have to do is create a new project with the following attributes.
I've already created the project and the interest of time, so we'll just jump right into Task One,
which is to create a handler method that can handle get requests made by the client on an empty path.
So we'll start by creating a new controller.
We'll just call it workbook controller, dot java.
And we'll make this into a controller that can handle Web requests.
The first thing we have to do is when a client makes a request on an empty path.
We need to map this path to a handler method.
So we'll say public string.
I'll call the handler method, get shows.
And what it's going to do is return a show's HTML.
That HTML is going to be located inside of the templates folder we'll just say shows that HTML.
But for this to work in order to work with templates, you need to have the file dependency installed.
So what we'll have to do is go to the central maven repo.
I already went there and copy the spring boot starter file leaf dependency.
You don't need to include the version because it's already going to share the same version as every
other spring boot starter.
So we're good there and I think now we're ready to set up our table.
Here it says to use.
Well, seems we missed a step.
We need this in our HTML.
So what I'll do is I'll create the HTML boilerplate thanks to our HTML extension.
If you're using intel, I already showed you how to set up an HTML file.
You can remove all this junk.
No scripts needed.
Only thing we'll keep is the following.
We'll just call this workbook copy and paste the header.
And now we can use the cheat sheet to create a table using the following data.
If you have a look at the cheat sheet, you'll notice there is a table element.
This table element can contain many table rows.
A table a row can contain many header cells, and it can also contain many data cells.
This is all the information we need to start creating.
A table.
A table can contain many table rows.
You'll remember this was the tag for a table rows.
And each row can contain many hetero cells.
We'll just copy this three more times.
And the headers are.
Title episode and rating.
Okay.
Now we'll create another row.
And this one will contain three data cells.
Okay.
The first title is Breaking Bad.
I can't even pronounce this.
And it has a rating of ten.
Okay.
We'll just copy this four more times.
The second title is Attack on Titan.
The title is Hero and it has an impressive 9.9.
I think the third one is also attack on Titan.
Perfect game.
9.9.
And you might be thinking, hey, this process is really tedious.
Do I have to go through this every single time I create a table?
Not really.
Once you really understand how life works and how we can use it to manipulate data that comes from the
back end into our view, this process becomes a lot easier as we learn to leverage time loops.
But right now, we'll just have to do it this way until we have expanded our skill sets.
Okay.
I think we're now ready to run our code.
Let me just make sure that everything is good.
Seems to be.
Do we have all of the dependencies installed?
We do.
This points to the show's HTML.
All right, I think we're ready.
Okay.
Let's say a local host, 80, 80, and there is our table, but it's not looking too pretty.
I think there were some instructions on styling.
So here what we can do is say.
What was it again?
The border should be solid.
So border equals solid and the width is equal to 100%.
We have def tools so we can just go ahead and refresh.
Beautiful.
See you in the next one.